Update _contracts.md (#264)
elasticio/api-docs: source/includes/_contracts.md

#### Authorization

> This request is authorized for Contract members with role `Admin` or `TenantAdmin`. To provide the the workspase_id as an additional perameter user must be member of given Workpsace with Admin role.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This request is authorized for Contract members with role `Admin` or `TenantAdmin`. To provide the workspase_id as an additional parameter user must be member of the given Workspace with Admin role.
```
